---
permalink: /
title: "Kyoungmo Koo"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

Hi, my name is Kyoungmo Koo. I am currently delving into the intricacies of optics, medical robotics, embedded systems, and control as a Master's student at the [University of Michigan](https://umich.edu/), specializing in [Electrical and Computer Engineering](https://ece.engin.umich.edu/). My academic journey began at [Seoul National University](https://en.snu.ac.kr/index.html), where I earned my undergraduate degree in [Electrical and Computer Engineering](http://ee.snu.ac.kr/en). 

Currently, I'm applying my expertise as a lab intern at the [Image-Guided Medical Robotics lab](https://medical.robotics.umich.edu/) under the guidance of Professor Mark Draelos. I am currently working on two projects. 
First project is developing digital interface to control galvanometer digital and enhance performance of OCT (Optical Coherence Tomography) system, in terms of cost and resolution. Second project is developing a medical robotic system leveraging ultrasound and photoacoustic techniques to scan hands for arthritis detection. 
This summer, I have done my internship as an Electrical Engineering Intern on the eHardware Architecture team at [BorgWarner](https://www.borgwarner.com/home).

Previously, I've honed my skills in the realm of superconductivity as an intern at the [Applied Superconductivity Lab](http://asl.snu.ac.kr/), led by Professor Seungyong Hahn. 

During my undergraduate tenure, I embarked on research projects in cutting-edge areas such as no-insulation superconductors for power plants, wave energy converters (WEC), and ion propulsion motors.
Driven by the ambition to enhance global living standards, my ultimate objective is to innovate in the creation of medical and optic devices that are precise and convenient to use, so that patients all around the world can benefit from it. I'm convinced that advancements in optics and embedded systems will be pivotal in shaping the future, making everyday life more sustainable and convenient for communities worldwide.

Developing a digital interface to a ScannerMAX galvanometer controller for optical coherence tomography (OCT)
======
Optical coherence tomography (OCT) systems are traditionally decomposed into engine and scanner components with an expensive and noise-prone analog interface to communicate the scan pattern between the two. Although simple and convenient, analog signals are susceptible to interference and require expensive hardware to generate with appropriate precision for OCT. To overcome these limitations, we implemented a digital interface for our OCT system using low-cost embedded microprocessor and custom PC software, exploiting recent trends towards digital servo drivers for optical scanning. 

Our interface features USB interfacing with a PC for scan pattern download and position feedback upload, 50 kHz communication rate, external triggers with adjustable downsampling, and no external power requirements. We characterize the latency and noise of this digital interface and the quality of the resulting OCT images in direct comparison to a traditional analog interface that costs ten times more. Signal analysis reveals that the digital interface accurately
communicated the scan pattern to the galvanometer driver and considerably reduced noise in the position feedback signal. Resolution tests show that the digital interface performs as well as the standard analog interface to the resolution limits of our OCT scanner. 

Together, these results demonstrate quantitative and qualitative equivalence of the interfaces, despite an order of magnitude reduction in cost. We plan to release open-source software, schematics, design files, and a bill of materials so that the OCT research community can benefit from these improvements and cost savings.


Analysis and Experimental Study of LN2 Cooled No-insulation High-Temperature Superconductor Applied Preliminary Magnetohydrodynamic Ship
======
Magnetohydrodynamic (MHD) thruster has relative advantages compared to the traditional motor attached to a ship. Since the thruster has no moving parts, it is free of problems regarding cavitation and noise. It is propelled by Lorentz force, generated by the magnetic field of magnets and electric current between electrodes.

Our research presents the results of the feasibility study, manufacturing, and experiments of a no-insulation (NI) high-temperature superconductor (HTS) applied magnetohydrodynamic ship. The stability of NI HTS allows magnets to flow current up to critical value, which is the maximum current for the superconductor to maintain superconductivity, enabling the ship to be propelled by maximum momentum. Open-ceiling which acts as an entrance of LN2 during the experiment and serial connection of the battery and superconducting magnets are the original design of our team, devised for moving the world's first NI HTS applied MHD ship.

Conceptual Design and Analysis of No-Insulation High- Temperature Superconductor Tubular Wave Energy Converter
======
Wave energy is one of the most affluent renewable energy resources in the world and total energy worldwide has been increasing annually from 1948 to 2008. (1. B. G. Reguero et al., 2019) 
We proposed the conceptual design of a no-insulation (NI) HTS tubular wave energy converter (WEC) through sweeping magnet parameters and measuring output power. Thanks to the volume efficiency and high magnetic field generated by NI technology, the large output power can be achieved through the small size of WEC. 

The design is analyzed in the aspect of electromagnetism, mechanical force, and cryogen. Output power is measured by rectifying the circuit of the generator. Total harmonic distortion and power factor are also calculated for various conditions.

100MW class large-scale green hydrogen production plant construction project through high-temperature superconducting magnet-based large-capacity wave power generation
------
Hydrogen is considered to be one of the most important energy carriers, due to its high volume efficiency when it comes to storing energy. Since low-temperature that is close to 20 K is needed to maintain liquid hydrogen (LH2), YBCO superconductor can enter the state of allowing high current to flow without any resistance.

We proposed the possibility of energy flow, starting from wave energy converter, passing through water electrolyzer, liquefaction facility, and arriving at fueling station. Superconductivity is applied to the whole process, and the design of 2 MW high temperature superconductor (HTS) wave energy converter (WEC) plays a key role in the system. 